Describe component metadata templating possibilities (#3062)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/components/component-schema.md

> ### Special metadata values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Templated metadata values
```

> Metadata values can contain template tags that are resolved on Dapr sidecar startup. The table below shows the current possibilities for templating Components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata values can contain template tags that are resolved on Dapr sidecar startup. The table below shows the current templating tags that can be used in components.
```

| Tag         | Details                                                          | Example use case                                                                                                                                                  |
|-------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | {uuid}      | Randomly generated UUIDv4                                        | Need for a unique identifier in self-hosted mode, for example, multiple application instances consuming a [shared MQTT subscription]({{< ref "setup-mqtt.md" >}}) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| {uuid}      | Randomly generated UUIDv4                                        | When you need a unique identifier in self-hosted mode; for example, multiple application instances consuming a [shared MQTT subscription]({{< ref "setup-mqtt.md" >}}) |
```

> | {podName}   | Name of the Pod containing the Dapr sidecar                      | This can be used to have a persisted behavior where the ConsumerID does not change on restart when using StatefulSets in Kubernetes                               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| {podName}   | Name of the pod containing the Dapr sidecar                      | Use to have a persisted behavior, where the ConsumerID does not change on restart when using StatefulSets in Kubernetes                               |
```

> | {namespace} | Namespace where the Dapr sidecar resides combined with its appId | Using a shared clientId when multiple application instances consume a Kafka topic in Kubernetes                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| {namespace} | Namespace where the Dapr sidecar resides combined with its appId | Using a shared `clientId` when multiple application instances consume a Kafka topic in Kubernetes                                                                   |
```

> | {appID}     | The configured appID of the resource containing the Dapr sidecar | Having a shared clientId when multiple application instances consumer a Kafka topic in self-hosted mode                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| {appID}     | The configured `appID` of the resource containing the Dapr sidecar | Having a shared `clientId` when multiple application instances consumer a Kafka topic in self-hosted mode                                                           |
```
